README.md, before:

# Algorithms and Solutions to Problems
My solutions to some easy to complex problems and challanges. Check out my [coding log](https://github.com/akto/Tea-Bach-and-Coding/blob/master/CODING-LOG.md)

## Freecodecamp.com Challanges

1. [`roman-numeral-convertor.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/roman-numeral-convertor.js) - JS code for converting Latin Numerals to Roman Numerals.
2. [`reverse-a-string.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/reverse-a-string.js) - JS code for reversing a string.
3. [`check-for-palindrome.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/check-for-palindrome.js) - JS code for checking the palindromes.
4. [`factorial.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/factorial.js) - JS code for returning the result of a factorial function.
5. [`length-of-longest-word-in-a-sentence.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/length-of-longest-word.js) - JS code for returning length of the longest word in a sentence.
6. [`title-case.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/title-case.js) - JS code for making uppercase the first letter of every word in a sentence.
7. [`return-largest-numbers-in-arrays.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/return-largest-numbers-in-arrays.js) - JS code to find the largest numbers in arrays.
8. [`confirm-ending.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/confirm-ending.js) - JS code to check if the given argument is the ending of the phrase.
9. [`repeat-a-sting.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/repeat-a-sting.js) - JS code to repeat the string in the array, given times.
10. [`truncate-string.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/truncate-string.js) - JS code to truncate the string by given length.
11. [`chunk-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/chunk-array.js) - JS code to chunk the array given length.
12. [`chopping-off-the-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/chopping-off-the-array.js) - JS code to chop off the array from nth element-return the remaining part of the array.
13. [`array-in-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/array-in-array.js) - JS code to check if first element of array consist all letters in the second element of array.
14. [`falsy-bouncer.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/falsy-bouncer.js) - JS code to find falsy values in js, Falsy values in JavaScript are false, null, 0, "", undefined, and NaN.
15. [`seek-and-destroy.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/seek-and-destroy.js) - JS code to remove arguments from the inital array.
16. [`where-does-it-belong.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/where-does-it-belong.js) - JS code to find the index of second argument inside of the first argument.
17. [`ceasars-cipher.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/ceasars-cipher.js) - JS code to decode rot13 cipher.
18. [`sum-all-numbers-in-a-range.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/sum-all-numbers-in-a-range.js) - JS code to find the sum of all numbers in a range.
19. [`differences-of-two-arrays.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/differences-of-two-arrays.js) - JS code to find differences of two array.
20. [`wherefore-art-thou.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/wherefore-art-thou.js) - JS code to looks through an array of objects (first argument) and returns an array of all objects that have matching property and value pairs.
21. [`search-and-replace.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/search-and-replace.js) - JS code to replace arguments with the provided values in the sentences.
22. [`pig-latin.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/pig-latin.js) - JS code which takes the first consonant (or consonant cluster) of an English word, moves it to the end of the word and suffixes an "ay". If a word begins with a vowel you just add "way" to the end.
23. [`dna-pairing.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/dna-pairing.js) - JS code to match DNA codes.
24. [`missing-letters.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/missing-letters.js) - JS code to find missing letters in a letter sequence.
25. [`boo-who.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/boo-who.js) - JS code to classify a value as boolean primitives.
26. [`unite-unique.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/unite-unique.js) - JS code to unite all the unique values in an array in the their occurance order.
27. [`convert-char-to-htmlentities.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/convert-char-to-htmlentities.js) - JS code to convert special characters to htmlentities.
28. [`spinal-tap-case.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/spinal-tap-case.js) - JS code to convert a string to spinal case. Spinal case is all-lowercase-words-joined-by-dashes.
29. [`sum-of-all-odd-fibonacci-sequence-to-given-value.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/sum-of-all-odd-fibonacci-sequence-to-given-value.js) - JS code to find the sum of the all odd numbers in a fibonacci sequence to given value.
30. [`sum-all-primes.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/sum-all-primes.js) - JS code to find the sum of all prime numbers till the given value.
31. [`smallest-common-multiple.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/smallest-common-multiple.js) - JS code to find smallest common multiple of the numbers in the range.
32. [`finders-keepers.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/finders-keepers.js) - JS code to looks through an array (first argument) and returns the first element in the array that passes a truth test (second argument)


## Adventofcode.com challanges

1. [`advent-accumulator-the-similarities-of-an-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/advent-accumulator-the-similarities-of-an-array.js) - JS code to find the sum of the values that are similar with the next ones.
2. [`advent-accumulator-of-similarities-of-two-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/advent-accumulator-of-similarities-of-two-array.js) - JS code to find the double sum of the similar values in similar index of two different arrays.
3. [`advent-sum-of-diff-in-rows.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/advent-sum-of-diff-in-rows.js)

Commit message:

update for drop-it.js

README.md, after:

# Algorithms and Solutions to Problems
My solutions to some easy to complex problems and challanges. Check out my [coding log](https://github.com/akto/Tea-Bach-and-Coding/blob/master/CODING-LOG.md)

## Freecodecamp.com Challanges

1. [`roman-numeral-convertor.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/roman-numeral-convertor.js) - JS code for converting Latin Numerals to Roman Numerals.
2. [`reverse-a-string.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/reverse-a-string.js) - JS code for reversing a string.
3. [`check-for-palindrome.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/check-for-palindrome.js) - JS code for checking the palindromes.
4. [`factorial.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/factorial.js) - JS code for returning the result of a factorial function.
5. [`length-of-longest-word-in-a-sentence.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/length-of-longest-word.js) - JS code for returning length of the longest word in a sentence.
6. [`title-case.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/title-case.js) - JS code for making uppercase the first letter of every word in a sentence.
7. [`return-largest-numbers-in-arrays.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/return-largest-numbers-in-arrays.js) - JS code to find the largest numbers in arrays.
8. [`confirm-ending.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/confirm-ending.js) - JS code to check if the given argument is the ending of the phrase.
9. [`repeat-a-sting.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/repeat-a-sting.js) - JS code to repeat the string in the array, given times.
10. [`truncate-string.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/truncate-string.js) - JS code to truncate the string by given length.
11. [`chunk-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/chunk-array.js) - JS code to chunk the array given length.
12. [`chopping-off-the-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/chopping-off-the-array.js) - JS code to chop off the array from nth element-return the remaining part of the array.
13. [`array-in-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/array-in-array.js) - JS code to check if first element of array consist all letters in the second element of array.
14. [`falsy-bouncer.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/falsy-bouncer.js) - JS code to find falsy values in js, Falsy values in JavaScript are false, null, 0, "", undefined, and NaN.
15. [`seek-and-destroy.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/seek-and-destroy.js) - JS code to remove arguments from the inital array.
16. [`where-does-it-belong.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/where-does-it-belong.js) - JS code to find the index of second argument inside of the first argument.
17. [`ceasars-cipher.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/ceasars-cipher.js) - JS code to decode rot13 cipher.
18. [`sum-all-numbers-in-a-range.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/sum-all-numbers-in-a-range.js) - JS code to find the sum of all numbers in a range.
19. [`differences-of-two-arrays.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/differences-of-two-arrays.js) - JS code to find differences of two array.
20. [`wherefore-art-thou.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/wherefore-art-thou.js) - JS code to looks through an array of objects (first argument) and returns an array of all objects that have matching property and value pairs.
21. [`search-and-replace.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/search-and-replace.js) - JS code to replace arguments with the provided values in the sentences.
22. [`pig-latin.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/pig-latin.js) - JS code which takes the first consonant (or consonant cluster) of an English word, moves it to the end of the word and suffixes an "ay". If a word begins with a vowel you just add "way" to the end.
23. [`dna-pairing.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/dna-pairing.js) - JS code to match DNA codes.
24. [`missing-letters.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/missing-letters.js) - JS code to find missing letters in a letter sequence.
25. [`boo-who.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/boo-who.js) - JS code to classify a value as boolean primitives.
26. [`unite-unique.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/unite-unique.js) - JS code to unite all the unique values in an array in the their occurance order.
27. [`convert-char-to-htmlentities.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/convert-char-to-htmlentities.js) - JS code to convert special characters to htmlentities.
28. [`spinal-tap-case.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/spinal-tap-case.js) - JS code to convert a string to spinal case. Spinal case is all-lowercase-words-joined-by-dashes.
29. [`sum-of-all-odd-fibonacci-sequence-to-given-value.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/sum-of-all-odd-fibonacci-sequence-to-given-value.js) - JS code to find the sum of the all odd numbers in a fibonacci sequence to given value.
30. [`sum-all-primes.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/sum-all-primes.js) - JS code to find the sum of all prime numbers till the given value.
31. [`smallest-common-multiple.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/smallest-common-multiple.js) - JS code to find smallest common multiple of the numbers in the range.
32. [`finders-keepers.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/finders-keepers.js) - JS code to looks through an array (first argument) and returns the first element in the array that passes a truth test (second argument)
33. [`drop-it.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/drop-it.js) - JS code to drop the elements of an array (first argument), starting from the front, until the predicate (second argument) returns [`true`].


## Adventofcode.com challanges

1. [`advent-accumulator-the-similarities-of-an-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/advent-accumulator-the-similarities-of-an-array.js) - JS code to find the sum of the values that are similar with the next ones.
2. [`advent-accumulator-of-similarities-of-two-array.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/advent-accumulator-of-similarities-of-two-array.js) - JS code to find the double sum of the similar values in similar index of two different arrays.
3. [`advent-sum-of-diff-in-rows.js`](https://github.com/akto/algorithms-problem-solving/blob/master/advent-sum-of-diff-in-rows.js)
